SEVERAL CENTRIES AGO
THE QUINTET ISLETS
Many, many mysteries lie scattered
in this island we live in.
But the most baffling mystery
of them all...
...are the lives of its people.
When something transpires...
...all we know is the how, the where,
and the who.
But no one knows why it transpired.
'Why are you born to someone?'
'Why are you with someone?'
'Why do you die for someone?'
Nobody knows the answers
to these questions.
Nobody knows?
Standing far away upon the sky...
Shrouded in mysteries...
She who watches this world
with her silent gaze...
The moon!
Only she and she alone
has the answers to all the questions.
'Child's Brain Power Amplification
is now 75% complete. '
'Activating Memory Zone. '
'Child's Brain Mapping in progress. '
'Extracting Brain Schematics. '
'Super Powering 35% complete. '
'Child's Brain Formatting completed. '
'Altering Neuro Links. '
Charge!
Zeta has escaped!
East gate breached!
Get him!
Got a runner from the facility.
Lock down the perimeter!
Spread out and snag the kid!
Crap!
Can't let him slip away!
Move, move, move!
-Pick up the pace, slowpokes!
Ground squad!
Go! Go! Go!
He's booking south!
Neuro locking him!
Crap!
Where the hell is Zeta?
Break off and box him in!
Go! Go! Go!
"O warrior"
"You march forth like an army"
"Are you the foundation
of infinite valor?"
"Are you but one man, or a hundred?"
Hi, Commish!
How you doin'?
You're really pushing it, man!
I offered you a bounty to capture
De Souza! What are you doing there?
An object weighs half as much in water
than it does on land, says Archimedes.
I wanted to put the theory to test,
but the chick is too shy, Commish!
Hey, Mosto!
Shall I come there?
Why? You pissed at me
for diving in without you?
We caught De Souza!
What is your partner Francis up to?
Tell me, dude!
It'll be super trippy
if I tell you that with a song!
Alexa!
Play 'Macho'!
Menacing music!
[playing music]
De Souza's bodyguards intervened
when we came to get him.
Francis is getting a workout with them,
Commish!
Now? Shoulder press!
Biceps!
Next?
Bench press!
What you all do?
A shower bath.
What Francis does?
A power bath!
Francis!
Take your chain!
Why is he ignoring 'Baby'?
No wait! He sees her!
Francis!
Catch!
No disappointment.
You'll get your share too!
Pinky!
Hello, Commish?
-Yes, Colt?
Completed!
Why did you abduct me? Who are you two?
-I don't know!
Police?
-What an insult!
Narcotics?
We are bounty hunters!
Meaning?
-Hey, baldie!
Like when kids take private tutoring
despite going to school!
Hunters, who catch criminals for the cops,
whom even they can't catch!
Bloody baldie!
Hi!
-Shut up your mouth!
Get moving, Colt!
Hi!
No!
Francis!
Stay put, baldie!
Francis...
Francis! No!
Yeah!
The De Souza chap you asked for!
Give me the bounty of 500 grand!
-Commissioner!
Give me the five hundred grand!
I'm the one who caught him!
I'm the one who finished it!
In that case, split the bounty!
What?
-What?
I wouldn't share the air I breathe
with her! Expect me to share the bounty?
I'll never share my money
with this riffraff!
Commander!
We've got Zeta!
The one that escaped.
We picked up his brain signal in Goa!
Victorious!
Acquire Zeta's brain schematics
and bring his head.
Commander!
Zeta's been locked up here since birth.
He doesn't know a soul outside.
Who's he after in Goa?
You only know his story...
...from the day he was made.
His brain is not programmed...
...to live without a reason.
So who's he after in Goa?
Tell Commish he'll have Jittu in an hour!
-On it!
Your labored breathing...
...is packed with jealousy, helplessness,
resentment, hatred, frustration, and anger!
What exactly are you looking at?
God damn it, Jittu!
When we're cold,
all we do is sleep under a bedspread!
What a spread he's sleeping under!
I'm going to copy your expression,
Francis!
Sleeping beauties!
Get up!
Get your leg off his face!
This girl alone isn't
getting off, Francis!
She's crazy about him!
Colt!
That's his hand, man!
True that! Bloody...
-Hey, baby! Join us!
Hey, baby?
Mossberg!
Caliber: 12 gauge. Made in USA.
Francis! Get over here!
Get me this gun!
Please! I love this gun!
-Hey! No!
Get me this gun!
-My finger!
Get it for me, Francis!
-No! Colt!
Get me the gun!
Okay! You can have it!
Francis!
Since birth, I have begged and pleaded
with you for so many things!
You've never done anything for me.
-Well...
But for the first time, when I yelled,
you got me this gun.
Why, buddy?
This crooked face laughter
means someone's getting screwed!
Now...
Who's getting screwed now?
Me?
How?
There's blood on Jittu's chest!
'Even if a small scratch
falls on Jittu... '
'... his brother Kambutta
will rip you to shreds!'
Holy cow!
Nobody saw the shootout, darling.
Sleeping beauties are still dreaming!
If we silently waltzed away...
Think he saw it?
-I'm confident he didn't.
Build a shoulder bridge!
What a huge ship!
Go! Go! Go!
Let's go!
Bestie! Jittu and Francis
are both in that yacht!
You've been hanging out with me
for a week, bestie!
How'd you find out where they were?
-That's my secret!
Cool!
Come!
-Francis!
My son!
-Hey, kid!
Draw well, kid!
In your fingertips, lies the information
about Jittu's killers!
Beautiful, Francis.
Why does this only happen to you?
God is great!
I'm out of here!
Look at that!
Look where?
Attack!
Damn you!
Francis got the boy!
Don't look at me like that.
Don't look at me like that!
Something's happening within!
Colt! Tell him to not look at me
like that!
Let it go!
He already saw you kill someone!
Why can't he see you drive a car?
Look that side!
Don't look at me, I say!
Hey!
Hey, kiddo!
What's wrong, kiddo? Look at me!
-What did you do?
I didn't do anything!
Go to the hospital!
-Got it!
It's okay, kiddo!
Let's go!
-Okay. Watch him!
Hey, kiddo!
This is not normal.
The nerve...
Repeat the test once more.
Listen to me, Francis.
Let the doctor handle the kid.
Let's scoot!
No, darling.
I can't leave the kid behind.
Why?
-Something's stopping me.
Stopping you?
This wheelchair is what's stopping you!
Let's go!
Doctor's calling you, sir!
Did this boy have a head injury
before this?
We don't know, ma'am.
He just twisted his neck a bit!
It's strange...
The boy caught us playing PUBG.
Gunfire and stuff.
Did he say anything about that?
-No. Not at all.
Then proceed with treatment.
In my 25 years of experience
as a radiologist...
...I've never seen something like this.
The boy's head was opened up
for some kind of surgery.
It's odd.
Look at this.
Plenty of abnormalities in the brain.
Something is altering the brain cells.
I'll send all these reports
to the chief neurologist.
The boy is stable now.
Bring him back tomorrow morning,
for sure.
Okay, doctor.
The phone is ringing, Francis.
We got CCTV footage from the area
near the yacht where Jittu was murdered.
You, Colt and a little boy
were seen there.
Don't worry.
I've erased it.
But Kambutta's aware
the boy is a witness.
Be careful.
Take cover, Francis!
Are you okay?
Where to, buddy?
I get a strange feeling
whenever I see that kid, darling.
I've had the same feeling
since I saw the kid at Angela's house.
It's fear!
Who is this kid?
Where did he come from?
What is his problem?
Why does he look at me
like that?
Come, let's ask him ourselves!
Where'd he go?
"O warrior"
"You march forth like an army"
"Are you the foundation
of infinite valor?"
"Are you but one man, or a hundred?"
Wh... what is it?
What's wrong?
What's wrong, kiddo?
Why do you keep doing this?
Are you hungry?
Want to eat?
Colt!
Eat.
You eat!
Thank God, Francis!
I found you!
I'm so relieved.
-I'm shocked!
How did you know
we're here?
How do you keep finding us?
Tell me!
I'll tell you later! Someone told Kambutta
you're here! Let's go!
Cut the BS, Angela.
I don't believe you.
Trust me, babe.
I'm here to save you!
I could feel love in the (h)air...
How cringeworthy!
Thought I had a chance
as they had broken up!
Yes!
Angela, no!
-You thought you had me!
What a twist, Bestie!
That last thing you said...
Say it again!
I could feel love in the (h)air...
Bloody!
Revenge is in the air, baby!
You asked how I keep finding you, yes?
-Yes.
The break up gift I gave?
This right here!
This?
-The pendant is a tracker!
A tracker?
Yes!
-He's glaring at me!
Angela deceived us, Francis!
Kambutta's here!
You guys are busted!
Kambutta!
Ask this kid who killed your brother!
(Hindi) Did you see who killed my brother?
Tell me!
(Hindi) Tell me who did it!
-Careful!
(Hindi) Tell me!
Kambutta!
I...
Guys...
What's happening here?
Move, move, move!
Neural lock!
Cover the left flank!
Get down!
Hide!
Fire!
Kiddo!
Get down! Hide! Get back!
Stay there!
Stay!
-Careful!
Francis!
Are you okay?
Burned ten already!
Hey!
Just leave him!
Don't hurt him!
No! Don't!
Zeta secured!
Move it!
Zeta locked!
We are on our way!
Alright. Move Zeta
to the transport facility now.
Copy that? Over.
Aurelius Dorca the Second,
the emperor of the Roman empire...
...and his 25,000 Roman soldiers
had set up camp in the mighty seas...
...to lay siege
on the Indian subcontinent.
To rest, to strategize...
...and to train his soldiers in warfare,
he needed a huge piece of land.
The five islands
caught his eye.
Land adjacent but not contiguous
with the Indian subcontinent.
Mandaiyaaru, Vengaadu, Mukkaadu,
Arathi and Perumaachi.
Collectively, they were known as
'The Quintet Islets'.
The isle of Mandaiyaaru.
They reigned over the waves of the sea
and dangers of the deep sea.
The home of the Mandaangars!
Weaving nets and building ships
were their primary occupations.
The isle of Vengaadu.
An island filled with icy forests
and snow tigers.
The war armory of the Venkaatars...
...and their life-saving herbs
were beyond compare.
The isle of Mukkaadu.
It encompassed three different forests.
They worship
the majestic elephant god.
Hunting and poetry were the
primary occupations of its people.
The isle of Arathi.
The iron hills and the red soil
reveal the fierce hues of Arathi.
The people here worshipped Semmaali,
a protective tree...
...bathing it with blood
and smearing it on themselves.
Murder was their primary occupation.
Arathars know not the meaning of mercy.
The isle of Perumaachi.
The lush green of its hills
spreads freshness in the heart.
Valor flourished in this land.
Its people are referred to
as Perumanathaans.
War was their occupation.
They worship a fire god
named 'Muthigan'.
Accompanied by Miyasan, a nomad
familiar with the five isles...
...commander Onorato was commissioned
by Emperor Aurelius...
...to select one of the five islands
and slaughter its inhabitants.
Along with the nomad Miyasan, Onorato
set off to carry out this genocide.
THE ROMAN ARMY VESSEL,
DOMAIN OF THREE SEAS
Sire!
The five isles are here!
We have arrived, sire!
This!
This right here!
This is Mukkaadu!
This...
This is Vengaadu!
This... Mandaiyaaru...
Here it is, right here!
And this here... is Arathi!
This is...
Perumaachi!
Please tell me which of the five isles
do you prefer!
Perumaachi!
-Perumaachi?
The gentleman wants Perumaachi!
Perumaachi!
Koduva!
He is Koduvan from Mandaiyaaru.
A good friend of Perumaachi!
With his help,
we can capture Perumaachi!
Aeral! Poruva!
This is the isle of Perumaachi!
Look straight ahead, Poruva!
-It is beautiful, father!
PERUMAACHI
Hello!
-Perumaachi welcomes you!
What a huge net, mother!
Sounds are made using it.
-Coming, sire!
It was gifted by the Mandaangars
to the Perumanathaans!
Sire Senthee!
It is the Mandaangar Koduvan!
Greetings, sire!
Fish from our isle, sire!
This is for you.
-What are these?
Necklaces from Mandaiyaaru!
Koduva!
He is Onorato!
With 25,000 Roman warriors...
...he has set camp in the seas
to capture the Indian subcontinent!
They have chosen Perumaachi
as their training and strategy ground!
What do you say?
The other isles will yield.
Perumaachi will not!
But why?
Perumanathaans know no fear.
That is why we called you.
You show us a way
to capture Perumaachi!
If you go to war with Perumaachi,
the entire Roman army will be massacred!
For it to not happen...
...I will go first,
kill a thousand Perumaachi warriors...
...with my cunning, weaken their might
and send word to you!
Why do foreign men need the help
of Perumaachi folk to build ships?
Are not you people at Mandaiyaaru
renowned for that skill?
We have no manpower in Mandaiyaaru
to build five hundred ships, sire.
Do we not know the strength
of Perumanathaans?
Perfect!
Absolutely perfect!
You know Miyasan, do you not?
I have heard of him.
We all have one hometown.
The world is the hometown of Miyasan!
There is no land I have not visited.
No food I have not tasted.
But I have never tasted food
as delicious as the one in Perumaachi!
Even the dog, Chokki, will lick its food
from every home!
Just like you!
Why do you keep clinging
to your father, Poruva?
Go, dear boy!
Go listen to the tales from the old lady!
Tell him, sire! Wherever he goes,
he is always clinging to his father!
He always ignores me!
Go, Poruva.
-Yes, father.
Why must we go build ships, Koduva?
-I am coming, old lady!
The people of Perumaachi are happy,
are they not?
Of course they are happy.
But do they have knowledge?
They are ready to give work,
money and knowledge of the world, sire.
Knowledge of the world!
Excellent!
Let us check with your son Kanguvan.
Will your son not abide by your decision?
Take them.
Selumara!
Get a hundred warriors ready!
Excellent, sire.
-See you, sire.
Watch your step, Poruva!
Stay focused, Koduva.
Come!
Tell me.
What is the price?
How many coins per head?
Two gold coins per head!
Two gold coins!
For proof of the kills...
...chop and bring me
a hundred right hands.
As evidence of the slaying...
...he asks you to sever and bring
right hands of a hundred Perumanathaans.
Tell him I will sever those right hands
and put them under his left foot!
Sire!
-I trust you, my friend!
Sire...
Climb up,
O Perumaachi warriors!
Chokki!
What is wrong, Poruva?
-Mother! Father!
The dog Chokki is lying there dead!
It was devoured by a wild wolf.
Bury it and stay here, you two.
I will pick you up on my way back.
Alright, Koduva.
Poruva?
-Chokki...
Do not cry, Poruva.
(Nedungaadu,
Central Region)
Let us rest here!
Mother! I hear something
from the direction father went!
I need one hundred hands!
Not a single one less! Let no one escape!
-Ninety five!
Ninety six!
Ninety seven!
Hundred!
Sire...
Gold coins!
One!
Two!
Three!
Come, Koduva.
-Sire!
How are our Perumaachi warriors?
Onorato is dazzled by their work!
Perumaachi hands are called
'iron hands' for a reason!
Most delighted!
What brings you here?
Onorato requested
another hundred men, sire.
The work needs to be finished faster.
Can I take them along?
Take them and go.
Come, Aeral.
-I am not coming!
Come here, boy!
Why?
-How did you get this?
Let go of me, mother.
-Tell the truth!
And we will come.
-Let go, mother!
Let go. I am going with father!
-Come, Poruva!
Let go, mother!
Poruva!
-I am coming too, father!
(Nedungaadu,
Central Region)
Koduva!
Is this place fine?
For what?
To relax!
Kanga!
In the bloodline of Maaraakkan
who hoisted the flag on the seabed!
From the lineage of Kochaami
who felled a mighty tusker!
As the heir of Ilamban
who vanquished a famine!
The grandson of Thangaiyan
who tore apart a mountain!
The son of Senthee
who ended the evil Chachaangan!
To ascend the peaks of Mandaiyaaru
and capture a cloud!
To climb the trees of Vengaadu
and attack a white tiger!
To step on the isle of Arathi
and sow fear in our foes!
To mount the wild elephant of Mukkaadu
and ride it all around!
There is one and only one!
Our Kanga!
"As a hundred tiger claws
brush and bang against his chest"
"As slithering snakes on withering leaves
stop and freeze in terror"
"As the waves on the island shore
sketch and etch his face"
"As the drums of Perumaachi
reverberate and echo his name"
"There is one and only one... "
"A warrior that war yearns for... "
"Born from the womb of fire... "
"The pride of our isle Perumaachi"
"Kanga... Kanga... Kanguva"
Are you well?
Koduva!
Will you blow the conch?
Or shall I?
Come on!
"His courage soars as the sky"
"His life flashes as a sword"
"Righteous is his path"
"War is his intoxication"
-Come on!
"A forest where light penetrates not"
"The forest where he toddled as a child"
"The forest filled with snakes
and red foxes"
"The forest where he slept
in the laps of beasts"
"Clutching on to the whiskers
of a pouncing tiger... "
"... as a child, he learnt to walk"
"As a blazing fire scorched the forest,
attired himself in a beam of that blaze"
"As an embodiment of all
the worlds" valors, he alone stands"
"A great roar resounds"
"Everywhere... Everywhere"
"Kanga... Kanga... Kanguva"
"The red soil below"
"The red sky above"
"Blood in his eyes"
"War in his heart"
"The piercing spears
and pouncing arrows... "
"... bend to the will of the valorous one
that he is"
"The thousand obstacles
of the enemy army... "
"... shatter in the blink
of his eye"
"As he arrives on his black horse,
the mist of white is torn apart"
"When the echo of his unsheathed sword
resounds... "
"... fear spreads even in the hearts
of demons"
"If a drop of his breath hits the chest,
your heart will burst into a thousand bits"
"If the ten chisels of his fingers
touch you... "
"... a handful of dust
is all you will be"
"Kanga... Kanga... Kanguva"
Perumaachi!
Victory!
Father!
-Poruva!
Perumaachi!
Victory!
Father!
Perumaachi!
-Victory!
Kill! Kill!
Father!
Open your eyes and look at me!
He did not mean to do this!
Please spare him!
Please spare him...
Kill! Kill!
He offered gold coins!
That is why I did it!
You expect me to live in submission
to the laws of the five isles forever?
I wanted to do good for my family.
That is why I did it!
Is that wrong?
Is that a sin?
There is forgiveness for every sin,
Koduva!
For theft, we sever the hands!
For a wrong word spoken,
we sever the tongue!
For mocking our honor,
we sever locks of hair!
For molesting a woman...
We sever, we forgive, and we move on.
That is our way of life!
But!
There is one sin
that we can never forgive, Koduva!
That is...
...a betrayal of our race!
Even if we are divided by five isles,
are we not united by language?
The blood of your victims...
...your blood...
...my blood...
Are they not the same?
Brother!
Please do not do this, brother!
I do not have the heart to ask you
to forgive him.
Father...
-If not for me...
...at least for the sake of my son...
My son cannot live without him!
-Father!
Brother!
Perumaachi!
Long live!
Veechura!
The chieftain of Mandaiyaaru!
He has betrayed not only your kind,
but ours too!
Kill him!
Veechura!
What a huge betrayal, Koduva!
My heart trembles!
-Miyasa!
In the bloodline of Pichangan,
who traversed the raging ocean!
The son of Kaiyeyan,
who protected our isle with one arm!
Grandson of Maavesan, who carried a huge
tree on his shoulders and built a ship!
I am Koduvan!
Kanga!
This fire that is burning me now
will destroy you and your race!
Poruva!
My son!
Not just the perpetrator.
His family must be burned, too!
This is the Mandaangar way!
Stop!
Koduvan was afflicted by greed!
That is not a contagious disease!
It does not flow across generations
from the sire and grandsire!
For his sin,
only he must burn!
Not his family!
Let this fire resolve all his sins!
Veechura is right, Kanga.
The family of Koduvan must die.
Mother!
-Kill his family!
Kill! Kill!
Kill his family!
-Kill his family!
Brother!
Give me your word, brother.
The life of my son...
Brother...
...is now your responsibility.
Aeral!
Mother!
Do not do it!
-Mother!
Mother!
He is my son.
He is my son!
A 'konni' thorn.
Only found in Kocha hills.
Why did you climb up there?
Seven days ago,
I gazed at the domain of three seas.
A fire was burning at a distance
of 5,000 nautics.
Yesterday, when I climbed Kocha hills...
...it had come closer
at about 3,000 nautics.
I feel that the light from that torch...
...is bringing darkness to Perumaachi.
Son of a traitor!
-Stop!
Stop, I say!
"In the heart of a child... "
"... resides God. "
That is what we say
in Perumaachi.
As you grow...
...because of anger, rage,
likes and dislikes...
...with no place left,
God moves away from the heart.
Do not chase away the God within you.
He has no one.
Embrace him.
The soil of Perumaachi!
Focus!
This is called 'intermediate state'.
You can strike from either side.
Ready?
Stand!
Focus!
-Focus!
Sheathe!
-Sheathe!
Unsheathe!
-Unsheathe!
Right! Pause!
-Right! Pause!
That Mandaangan has fallen!
But I have another way
to capture Perumaachi!
The isle of Arathi!
The chieftain of Arathi!
Uthiran!
Perumaachi and Arathi
have a longstanding feud, sire!
To sever the head of Perumaachi,
you need to join hands with Arathi!
(Arathi)
-Long live Arathi!
Thuppan!
The third son of Uthiran!
Angasan!
The second son of Uthiran!
Arakaalan!
The eldest son!
From the lineage of Naalathar,
who named this land Arathi!
From the bloodline of Chembunalar,
who first held the earthen pot of Chemmali!
He who unleashed the red rain...
The grandson of Rathaga Chathan!
He reigned with a sceptre of terror!
The son of Muchalan!
Father of the three tigers
Thuppan, Angasan and Arakaalan!
The king of the isle of Arathi!
He makes the world shiver!
The one and only Uthiran!
This is the time
to kill the Perumanathaans!
The gold will be yours!
Your score will be settled too!
Arathi!
There is word going about
that 25,000 Roman warriors...
...and the isle of Arathi,
have banded together...
...to destroy Perumaachi.
If you surrender,
you can save everything.
War!
-War!
It is not wise to go to war
without knowing the strength of the foe!
War!
Before the war begins,
the Perumanathaan will light a fire...
...spread all their weapons
and conduct a ritual.
Once that is done,
he will leave to bathe in the wild cascade!
Our warriors must assemble there,
ascend upon those trees...
...and await the Perumanathaan!
Never mind 25,000!
Let a 100,000-150,000 warriors come!
You and I...
Your father, son, mother, daughter...
Your wife,
even the child in her womb...
They all have one word
on their tongue!
"War!"
He will be unarmed.
Like the descent of death,
swoop down...
...take the blood from his severed skull
and bring it to Arathi!
When severed,
my head may fall to the ground...
...but my forehead and my knees
will never yield!
I shall never surrender!
War!
Shatter the bones of that Perumanathaan!
I will make a garland out of those bones!
War!
I will weave a corset!
Bring me the skin of that Perumanathaan!
War!
For Arathi!
"O primeval fire...
O unrelenting fire... "
"O magical fire...
O towering fire... "
"O pouncing fire...
O plunging fire... "
"O guardian fire...
O forest fire... "
"O primeval fire...
O unrelenting fire... "
"O magical fire...
O towering fire... "
"O pouncing fire...
O plunging fire... "
"O guardian fire...
O forest fire... "
"Before the dawn of time,
we came to be, the first people"
"That is us"
"Before the advent of counting,
we showed our strength in numbers"
"That is us"
"The surging primordial flames
we witnessed, the first people"
"We live and thrive on fire"
"We are the first people"
"Come, brace your shoulders"
"Draw out your sword"
"Take a vow and come on"
"Come, brace your shoulders"
"Draw out your sword"
"Take a vow and come on"
"O primeval fire...
O unrelenting fire... "
"O magical fire...
O towering fire... "
"O pouncing fire...
O plunging fire... "
"O guardian fire...
O forest fire... "
"Thunder struck, rain poured,
storms whirled"
"Mountains fell, waves rose...
Seemed like the end of the world"
"Rugged earth, the prickly thorn,
the raging wind... "
"For eons we fought on
and survived, the first people"
"A spark fell, the forest burned,
rivers too were on fire"
"Clouds darkened, the land slid,
the seasons erred"
"We danced in rage,
we bathed in the fire... "
"... and we rose up,
the first people"
"As branches shudder,
elephants march... "
"The hiss of the lizard
foresees the future"
"The sight of white blood dripping
from the trunk of the holy tree... "
"... hastens the sickles and spiked maces"
"Perched atop a rock in the waterfall... "
"... the firebird screeches from the South"
"The expectant jackal races in fear... "
"... as the blazing fire nears"
"Come, brace your shoulders"
"Draw out your sword"
"Take a vow and come on"
"Come, brace your shoulders"
"Draw out your sword"
"Take a vow and come on"
"O primeval fire...
O unrelenting fire... "
"O magical fire...
O towering fire... "
"O pouncing fire...
O plunging fire... "
'O guardian fire...
O forest fire... '
You are going to bathe unarmed,
O Perumaachi warriors. Tread carefully!
Dhanalaa!
Beyond the scent
of the damp soil...
of the forthcoming rain...
...the scent of blood
prevails here.
Fire point formation!
To the right!
To the left!
To the forefront!
To the south!
O forest...
You are within me!
Kill them!
Hack them away!
Angasa!
Poruva!
-Kanga!
Bring my sword!
That sword belongs to Kanguvan, Poruva!
Where are you taking it?
Kill them swiftly!
Come on!
Kanga!
My sword!
The grandson of Kaiyeyan,
who protected our isle with one arm!
The one who saved Mandaiyaaru from the
tsunami, the one whom you burnt alive...
Koduvan!
And I am his son!
Poruvan!
He has won over his enemy!
Poruva!
-Poruva!
-Stop!
'Eight days from today... '
'... Perumaachi summons Arathi for war. '
"From Kanguvan. "
Arakkaala! Angasaa!
Come on!
People of Perumaachi!
Poruvan, who tried to kill Kanguvan...
Sever his head from his body
and bring him in two pieces!
Much like his father Koduvan,
Poruvan must also be burnt at the stake!
Bring him to me!
Poruva!
I only saw you as a child.
I did not see the anger in you.
Come out, Poruva!
Like the wind slashed by a sword,
swung at someone else...
...you were unintentionally scarred.
Please... forgive me.
Poruva!
In your eyes,
killing me is the right thing to do!
Kill me!
But before that,
I have a duty to finish.
I must protect the soil
that raised me!
I must protect my people!
I cannot die knowing
my home is in danger, Poruva!
But!
I give you my word!
I will die by your hand!
I swear it upon the soil of Perumaachi,
which I value more than my own life!
I swear it!
Why is he back here?
It is alright, Poruva.
Kill! Kill!
-He deserves to be burned alive!
This is wrong!
He is just a child!
Please stop!
Stop!
He is a child...
What happened to Kanguvan?
Take cover, Poruva!
-You traitorous swine!
My brethren!
This is wrong!
This is wrong...
Take cover!
Poruva...
Stop, everyone!
Sever his head!
Stop!
-Kill! Kill!
Stop! Do not do it!
-Stop!
Had we listened to Veechura
and killed him that day...
...he would not have plunged the sword
into your heart.
Nothing to consider, sire!
He wishes to see his parents.
Send him to them!
Kill him!
Hack him into pieces
and fling him in all four directions!
Would anyone raise a stinging snake?
Even his ashes must not remain
in the winds of Perumaachi!
Kill him!
-Everybody!
With the methods each of you
propose to kill him...
...first kill me and then kill him!
I promised his mother
I would protect him with my life.
Let my promise die after my death!
What are you saying?
Are all of the words of the clan
falling on deaf ears?
Can you not see the fury in his eyes?
The spark which started
when his parents were burnt alive.
Now it is growing...
...and burning like a wildfire in his eyes.
That is all my eyes can see.
Let that wildfire not destroy Perumaachi.
Let it destroy the dark forest.
Leave Poruvan
at Tiger Rock in the dark forest.
This is my order!
This is the decision of Muthigan!
A right decision!
Poruvan would not last
even four hours there!
Tigers would surround him
and kill him!
Kill! Kill!
Kill!
-Kill Poruvan! Kill the crook!
-Kill the traitor!
Kill the crook!
-Everyone!
Kill!
-Stop!
Stop!
If Poruvan must go to the dark forest,
I will go with him, father!
He who betrayed Perumaachi
must not live in this world!
Anyone who endorses that betrayal
must not remain in Perumaachi either!
No...
No one who went to the dark forest
has ever returned alive.
Tell your son to not go, Senthee!
Will you give your life for the one
who tried to kill you, Kanga?
Tell Kanguvan to not go, sire!
Poruva?
It does not matter if your heart and mine
are at a distance.
But you need to stay close to me,
Poruva.
This mesmerizing dark forest...
...can devour you
within the blink of an eye.
Please listen to me.
I need to stay close to you.
Come down, O flock of crows!
Come down, feast and give way!
Angasaa!
Open up, O sky!
-Open up, O sky!
Open up for Angasan and Arakaalan
to enter the gates of the next world!
Open up, O sky!
Come down, O flock of crows!
The gates must open for your sons to enter
the next world, Uthira!
The crows must descend here
and accept the feast.
We have offered varieties of meat...
...but not a single crow
has descended!
Seek a feast, do you not?
Will not the blood and hearts
of a hundred lives suffice?
Hear me, O crows, who prevent the souls
of my sons to move on to the new world!
This is the promise of Uthiran!
I shall rip out the heart of Kanguvan
with my own hands...
...and use his blood to purify the path
my sons take to go to the new world!
O flock of crows!
Come on!
The war begins in three days.
You have sworn upon the souls
of your deceased sons.
You and your race will never see peace
if you do not kill Kanguva, Uthira!
Mother!
Poruvan?
Poruva!
Mother!
Go behind!
-Mother!
Head south, Poruva!
Mother!
Go behind!
Poruva!
"Gaze upon the soil
that quenches the thirst of its diggers"
"Gaze upon the tree
that gives restful shade to its cutters"
"Gaze upon the flower whose fragrance
wafts in the wind that plucked it"
"Gaze upon the stone that bestows a statue
to the hands that chisel it"
"Without forgiveness,
the world fills with emptiness"
"With forgiveness,
the heart turns burdenless"
"Without forgiveness,
the world fills with emptiness"
"With forgiveness,
the heart turns burdenless"
"Like the waves that batter the shore,
revenge seethes within you"
"Like the calm that reigns in the deep sea,
serenity bides in the forgiving heart"
"By doing it wrong and doing wrong,
man learns a little"
"If every wrong seeks punishment,
ashes are all that will remain"
"What sin did the tree commit
to shed tears of leaves?"
"Once spring abounds,
it extends a smile of flowers"
"Without forgiveness,
the world fills with emptiness"
"With forgiveness,
the heart turns burdenless"
"Without forgiveness,
the world fills with emptiness"
"With forgiveness,
the heart turns burdenless"
Mother...
Father...
Mother!
Poruva!
Father...
"From the warmth of its dung,
I can tell how far the elephant has gone"
"From the depth of its footprints,
I can tell how much the tiger weighs"
"From a flutter in the wing of a dragonfly,
I can tell when a raindrop will fall"
"From the trail of a sparrow,
I can tell where the waterfall is"
"I know every inch
of this swaying wilderness"
"O dear son, but your heart alone
is an indecipherable puzzle"
"Without forgiveness,
the world fills with emptiness"
"With forgiveness,
the heart turns burdenless"
"Without forgiveness,
the world fills with emptiness"
"With forgiveness,
the heart turns burdenless"
You have disgraced yourself.
You have lost your honor.
You vowed your sons
would subdue Perumaachi.
But they have returned as corpses.
We Romans have no further need
for you barb... barbarians.
We will kill Kanguvan ourselves.
Return the gold you took from us.
Swallow your words.
Only then will I remove the coins
out of your mouth!
From the moment my sons were killed,
this war was no longer about gold!
But for our race!
Kanguvan...
His death will be at my hands!
Anyone who comes to kill him...
Even if they are 25,000 Roman warriors...
Only, I will kill him!
It is not right the feud with Kanguvan
turns the Romans into an enemy of Arathi.
Kanguvan must be killed
before the war begins.
How can that be done?
It is worrying that Kanguvan is not
in Perumaachi when the war begins.
Had Kanguva abided by my words,
he would have remained my son.
Because he felt bound by an oath
to a mother...
...he has risen as a king!
He has ventured into the dark forest.
No forest can ever contain
a fire or Kanguva!
Where are you going?
To the white forest for gathering herbs
that will be of aid in wartime.
The path to that forest is covered by snow.
Hold onto the rope and tread carefully.
A lonely, lonely goat...
Searching for grass to eat,
rushes into the forest.
The Arathars are the ones who will die.
Why must we go pluck herbs for that?
Left!
Does the herb know whose blood
is spilt?
True!
Straight!
Right!
Bend!
Ascend!
Manjathi!
The rope of Manjathi, who was ahead,
has been cut. She is missing!
Join!
Manjathi!
Your rope was severed.
What are you doing here?
The Arathars have you surrounded
on all four sides!
Before the tenth drop falls,
Kanguva must come here!
Call him!
If he does not come, one head will roll
for every drop that spills!
Tell him!
Brother Kanga!
We are surrounded by fifteen Arathars!
If you do not come, Thuppan says
he will kill all twenty five of us!
Come, brother!
Come on!
Brother Kanga!
What does Kanguva have to say?
Is he coming?
Brother is right!
What is he saying?
-Yes! Brother is right!
What did your brother say?
What did he say?
I will tell you what he said!
Tell me!
"There are only fifteen Arathars. "
"There are twenty five of you. "
"Twenty five of you can kill
fifteen of them, can you not?", he asks!
This snowy ground has been a blank canvas
for far too long!
Brother wants us to paint it red!
Come on!
Courage soars as the sky!
Life flashes as a sword!
Search and behead them!
Righteous is our path!
War is our intoxication!
Sheath!
-Sheath!
Unsheathe!
-Unsheathe!
Come on!
Roll!
Pounce!
-Pounce!
Fire up!
Thuppan...
...and the entire band of Arathars
who were with him...
...we have killed.
We have won, brother!
We have won!
O mighty women of Perumaachi,
we have won!
(The Rock of Justice)
Perumaachi!
Mukkaatar!
Venkaatar!
Mandaangar!
Speak, Senthee.
With war looming...
...the third son of Uthiran
laid his hand on our women!
We have gathered
for an investigation!
Call forth my youngest son Thuppan!
I will question him!
He cannot be called!
-We will drag him!
Thuppa!
Where is my son?
The Perumaachi women are in the right!
-No, they are in the wrong!
Where is my son?
What is done in self-defence
is not a crime!
Where is my son?
Perumanathaans listen to no one!
Without our consent,
they killed Thuppan!
Where is my son?
Are not the tribunal of elders responsible
for investigating crimes across the isles?
We are on the rock of justice, Uthira!
Blood must not be spilled here!
Thuppan is the son of a king!
A prince can part with his life
only in war!
His life is gone.
Does that not mean war has begun?
This is no longer the rock of justice!
It is the rock of war!
Who stands with me?
Mandaangars!
-Mukkaatars!
Who stands against me?
Perumanathaans!
-Venkaatars!
The Perumanathaans know no fear?
Watch him run away afraid!
Miyasan!
The joy of watching Perumanathaans
flee in fear...
Senthee!
Going to the heavens, are you?
Go!
Tell my sons I will kill Kanguvan
and send him there!
Is it enough for just the two of us to know
war has begun, Uthira?
Must Kanguvan not know, too?
Who are the enemies of Perumaachi?
Must its next king not know?
Aaraa!
Only now has war begun!
Come on!
Mukkaatar!
Mandaangar!
Arathar!
Kanga!
Father!
Three hundred boats are coming our way
from a distance of 90 nautics!
Arathi warriors are coming to destroy us!
Before the sun slices in the east...
...sever the necks of Perumanathaans
and offer them to Arathi!
Kanga is in the forest.
Senthee is in the mountain.
They have decided this is the right time
to attack us.
Stop!
The dark forest
is filled with flame torches!
The terrified Perumanathaans
are hiding there, Uthira!
Steer our ships towards the dark forest!
What do we do now?
Look there, sire!
The Arathi army that came to attack us
are heading to the dark forest! Why?
Shall I answer that?
If an ambush of tigers roars as one...
If lightning on the horizon
descends down...
If the enemy fleet changes course...
...there can only be one reason!
Kanga!
"O leader"
"My leader"
Come on!
"O leader"
O blood of Arathi!
-"My leader"
Conquer Perumaachi!
"O leader"
Hide here, Poruva.
You will be safe!
I need to protect my Perumaachi!
After I vanquish the foes of my people...
War!
...I will stand before you.
As I promised you...
...you can kill me yourself.
There will be
more than 500 Arathi soldiers.
How will you fight them, Kanga?
Trees that yield not to the wind.
River that yields not to the rocks.
Darkness that yields not to light.
Pride of having the forest
as our protector in all directions!
Are these not enough
for us to defeat the Arathar army?
We will face them!
We will deface them!
"O warrior"
"You march forth like an army"
"Are you the foundation of infinite valor?"
"Are you but one man, or a hundred?"
"O hero"
"You break away barriers"
"Are you the piercing tip of our honor?"
"Are you the essence of our lives?"
"War...
Who starts a war?"
"Who bears the brunt of this war?"
"War...
Who ends a war?"
"Is your name etched
in the blood of the foe?"
Come on!
Come on up!
"With the forest as your army"
"With no obstacles any"
"Win, O warrior"
"Vanquish the enmity, O warrior"
"With the divine fire as your companion"
"With no one but you as your equal"
"Fight, O warrior"
"Soar to the skies, O warrior"
"Your foes gather before you"
"The forest stands behind you"
"Your eyes are rivers of rage"
"The moment you rise,
soars the pride of our motherland"
When I hear
their cry of death...
...my head dances
like the waves in the ocean, Karaikootha!
It is not the Perumanathaans
who are screaming!
It is the cry of our Arathi men!
Nethna!
Kanga!
"By doing it wrong and doing wrong,
man learns a little"
"If every wrong seeks punishment,
ashes are all that will remain"
"What sin did the tree commit
to shed tears of leaves?"
"Once spring abounds,
it extends a smile of flowers"
My son...
Come on!
Kanga!
"Why are you born to someone?"
"Why are you with someone?"
"Why do you die for someone?"
"Nobody knows the answers
to these questions. "
Kanga!
Step on it!
Listen to me, Francis!
To hell with that kid! Let him go!
-Francis!
Please, Francis!
-I can't!
What is with you?
It's like my life is leaving my body!
Tie up Poruvan, Nethna!
Kanguvan will come for him!
The dark forest is yours, Kanga!
You are carrying out a killing spree!
But this ocean is mine!
Come on!
Stop!
-Stop the car!
Francis!
-Are you okay, Francis?
-Get up!
The boy...
-Francis!
Drive!
-Francis...
Move!
-Go, go, go!
We are on it!
Francis!
-Tracker!
Track him!
-The tracker!
Where is he?
-What the heck?
How far?
-You're bleeding!
Go, go, go!
Take left!
Go!
That vehicle is here, Francis!
On!
-On!
Okay!
Anyone there?
Alright troops. Our ride's landing soon
for Zeta.
Lock and load!
-Francis!
Let's get moving to the LZ!
Wait by the truck, Colt! I'll let you know!
-Got it!
Oh my...
-Colt!
That's all yours!
Just go wild, darling!
Go wild, I will!
Nice work, squad!
Eyes peeled now!
We are rolling Zeta out!
Game on!
Intruders!
Take them down!
Secure Zeta now!
Go, go, go!
Double up!
Lock down Zeta!
Move! Move!
Come on!
-X on the right!
Y on the left!
Come on!
There you are!
Load Zeta onto the plane now!
Roger that!
Everyone advance!
Captain's order!
We are moving Zeta!
Where is Poruvan?
Kanga!
Poruva!
Zeta secured!
Awaiting clearance for take-off!
Get Zeta to the central dock, squad!
Move, move, move!
Mother!
Come on!
Poruva!
The axe!
Kanga!
Mother!
Take cover!
Move up!
Take him down!
Put the guns down right now!
Weapons down!
Zeta's brain is frying.
Before the whole neuro center
is toast...
...cut Zeta's head and bring the brain
secured to Alpha.
Kanga!
Kanga...
Let go of the rope, Kanga!
Poruva!
If I die,
only one life will perish!
Do not do it!
But if you die,
an entire race will perish!
My life is yours, father!
Save our people, father!
Poruva!
I will kill him!
"O leader"
"My leader"
"The dance of time"
"Turns eons to seconds,
leaping like a speeding horse"
"The dance of time"
"Turns space and time to dust,
attacking like a piercing arrow"
"Saying all that begins will end,
it dances with its matted hair in the wind"
"Saying all that is dark will dawn,
it burns away worlds in an eternal quest"
"Severing a bond,
then making the broken to be born again"
"The dance of time is an endless play"
"The dance of time"
"Flows as the blood of love,
spreading through every vein"
"The dance of time"
"Amidst this universe of love,
you are but a tiny seed"
"There may be a moment when the promise
of a man dissolves beneath the seas"
"But the cord of life that ties two souls
will bind as one above the skies"
"Plucking away one
and showering a hundred"
"In the arrogance of nature
resounds the dance of time"
Bring it on!
Even if have to die again and again
and be reborn over and over again...
...I will repay my debt to you, Poruva!
Kanga?
You gave up your life for this sinner...
...and have become my kin
for all eternity!
He is my son!
Poruva!
My son!
Uthiran and his three sons
are dead.
Who will light the pyre of Uthiran?
Rathaangasan!
Rathaangasan must not come!
He was born out of wedlock
to Uthiran and his concubine!
It is your duty to perform the last rites.
Rathaangasan will come!
The arrival of Rathaangasan is akin
to the death of Arathi!
You light the pyre!
Rathaangasa!
Arathi!
Father?
Never address me as 'father'!
You were born to me
and a concubine who was my slave!
Father...
-You can never become a prince!
I asked you...
...to accept me as your son
and as a prince of Arathi.
You refused.
I understand now.
Not just a mere prince.
You wished to see me as the king,
did you?
The son of a concubine!
You were born to a concubine!
-The son of a concubine?
You cannot be king!
-Son of a concubine!
This is not the way!
I am the son of a concubine?
The son of a concubine!
To ascend upon the throne...
...a shared bloodline
between me and my father will not suffice.
The blood of another is needed!
The blood of Kanguva,
who destroyed our clan!
Rathaangasan!
-Rathaangasan!
Commander! Zeta's been captured
by someone else!
Stream!
The one you see on the screen!
Francis!
The name...
...is...
...Kanguva!
Why must such a huge armed force
kidnap this young kid?
I will cleanse the stain of being born
in the womb of a concubine...
...with the blood of Kanguvan!
What is that strange feeling I get
every time I see this boy?
I have a thousand such questions.
Only after that...
...will I sit upon the throne!
But one thing is for certain.
We are heading for a great future!
Kanguva...
Come!